docs: make distinct sections more visible (#2657)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/topics/index.rst

Topics
======

Topics are a collection of articles about technical concepts, background information,
design decisions and similar topics on a higher level.

> This can include things like the difference between synchronous and asynchronous, API design,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes things like the difference between synchronous and asynchronous, API design,
```
Nitpick: Not only *can* this include things like these, it actually does
